c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\bin\Debug\calculations.exe.config
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\bin\Debug\calculations.exe
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\bin\Debug\calculations.pdb
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\bin\Debug\calculations.xml
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.Form1.resources
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.Resources.resources
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.exe
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.xml
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.pdb
C:\Users\saygin.guven\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\bin\Debug\calculations.exe.config
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\bin\Debug\calculations.exe
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\bin\Debug\calculations.pdb
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\bin\Debug\calculations.xml
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.exe
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.xml
C:\Users\Sina\Downloads\Compressed\calculations_ByVal ByRef Array\calculations\calculations\obj\Debug\calculations.pdb
